2-code-style/04-clean-code-references/en/article.md, before:

# Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Clean Code for JavaScript](#clean-code-for-javascript)
- [Clean Code for TypeScript](#clean-code-for-typescript)
- [Clean Code for C# (and More Broadly .NET)](#clean-code-for-c-and-more-broadly-net)

# Introduction

**There are as many developers as there are ways to code**. That's why standards have been created to allow everyone to compromise and have code that is qualitatively equivalent, even if algorithmically different.

In this article, you will find some resources related to these standards, also known as **Best Practices**.

# Clean Code for JavaScript

**Clean Code** for JavaScript can be found [here](https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript).
It is especially relevant to become familiar with and apply the recommendations from this guide, possibly even more important than in any other language due to its specificities.

# Clean Code for TypeScript

# Clean Code for C# (and More Broadly .NET)

Commit message:

docs: add TS clean code section

2-code-style/04-clean-code-references/en/article.md, after:

# Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Clean Code for JavaScript](#clean-code-for-javascript)
- [Clean Code for TypeScript](#clean-code-for-typescript)
- [Clean Code for C# (and More Broadly .NET)](#clean-code-for-c-and-more-broadly-net)

# Introduction

**There are as many developers as there are ways to code**. That's why standards have been created to allow everyone to compromise and have code that is qualitatively equivalent, even if algorithmically different.

In this article, you will find some resources related to these standards, also known as **Best Practices**.

# Clean Code for JavaScript

**Clean Code** for JavaScript can be found [here](https://github.com/ryanmcdermott/clean-code-javascript).
It is especially relevant to become familiar with and apply the recommendations from this guide, possibly even more important than in any other language due to its specificities.

# Clean Code for TypeScript

There isn't a **Clean Code** specifically for TypeScript. Nevertheless, it's interesting to adopt a hybrid approach between [clean code in JavaScript](#clean-code-for-javascript) and [clean code in C#](#clean-code-for-c-and-more-broadly-net).

# Clean Code for C# (and More Broadly .NET)
