linters-en.md, before:

# Sommaire

- [What is a linter](#whatisaLinter)  
- [Difference between Linter & Debugger](#lintervsdebugger)  
- [Existing linters](#existinglinters)
  - [JSLint](#existinglinters)
  - [JSHint](#existinglinters)
  - [ESLint](#existinglinters)
  - [Comparaison des différents linters](#differenceBetween)
- [Example with ESLint](#ESLint)
  - [Installation & Configuration](#Installandconfig)
- [Incorporation dans le processus d'intégration continue](#IncorporationProccessIntegration)
- [Sources](#Sources)

## Linters

### What is a linter? <a name="whatisaLinter"></a>

A linter is an automatic tool for code analysis. It analyses in live our code and warns us about errors. It runs **before** the compilation (or execution - according to your language). In this context, the linter is considered as a static tool.
Linter is often used with a **formatter** and other tools.
It exists three main ways of using a linter: With _command line interface_, in an _extension_ of your code editor, or in the process of _continuous integration_. This last option coupled to the formatter can automatically correct and format every new commit. 

It's not the same as the debugger and it can't replace it. 

_example :_
> _A servor-side script can't use the window object. It is possibl to configure the linter to prevent this kind of error._

Commit message:

docs(common): add English LINTERS documentation Linter VS. Debugger  part

linters-en.md, after:

# Summary

- [What is a linter](#whatisaLinter)  
- [Difference between Linter & Debugger](#lintervsdebugger)  
- [Existing linters](#existinglinters)
  - [JSLint](#existinglinters)
  - [JSHint](#existinglinters)
  - [ESLint](#existinglinters)
  - [Comparaison des différents linters](#differenceBetween)
- [Example with ESLint](#ESLint)
  - [Installation & Configuration](#Installandconfig)
- [Incorporation dans le processus d'intégration continue](#IncorporationProccessIntegration)
- [Sources](#Sources)

## Linters

### What is a linter? <a name="whatisaLinter"></a>

A linter is an automatic tool for code analysis. It analyses in live our code and warns us about errors. It runs **before** the compilation (or execution - according to your language). In this context, the linter is considered as a static tool.
Linter is often used with a **formatter** and other tools.
It exists three main ways of using a linter: With _command line interface_, in an _extension_ of your code editor, or in the process of _continuous integration_. This last option coupled to the formatter can automatically correct and format every new commit. 

It's not the same as the debugger and it can't replace it. 

_example :_
> _A servor-side script can't use the window object. It is possibl to configure the linter to prevent this kind of error._

### Difference between Linter and Debugger

The Debugger can also be considered as an error management tool, but it's **dynamic**! Debugger allows us to decompose the execution of our code and it helps us to detect dynamics errors: variable type, memory gestion, ...

### Existing linters

Today, there are different linter: 

* **JSLint**: 
* **JSHint**:
* **ESLint**: The most used and most known. It's a very versatile and configurable linter. It also contain a formatter. It can be integrated in your _continuous integration_

_These three linters also allows us to correct our code directly in our browsers, but we don't recommand this practic._
