3-conception/01-get-started/en/article.md, before:

# Table Of Contents

- [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Benefits](#benefits)
- [Methods](#methods)
  - [Features conception](#features-conception)
    - [Pseudo Code](#pseudo-code)
  - [UML (Unified Modeling Language)](#uml-unified-modeling-language)
  - [Merise (Méthode d'Étude et de Réalisation Informatique pour les Systèmes d'Entreprise)](#merise-méthode-détude-et-de-réalisation-informatique-pour-les-systèmes-dentreprise)
  - [Summary](#summary)

# Introduction

Application design is a broad subject that encompasses various aspects and stages that occur before the functional implementation of the project. Design comes in various forms, spanning multiple realizations that highlight different aspects of a project.

Throughout your application, keep in mind that **the design of a project is not set in stone and is subject to evolution** for various reasons. Perhaps a feature no longer aligns with the client's needs, or you may not have anticipated certain technical constraints. Don't be discouraged if you realize that your design requires some adjustments; this is perfectly normal.

Pro Tips: If you need to make changes due to a technical constraint encountered during the project implementation stage, try, if possible (unless you're working on a tightly scheduled corporate project, for example), to revisit the part of your design that needs adjustments rather than postponing it. It's more advantageous to pause your implementation to engage in reflective work to resolve the encountered issue, rather than having to rework your code and redesign it later.

I've personally experienced both approaches (retro-design and design), and it's much more rewarding to pause your coding session to adjust your design and then continue coding with the new design version. It's better than trying to develop your feature by trial and error and then redo your design while trying to match the behavior of your code.

Keep this in mind, even if it may seem abstract as a concept at the moment.

# Benefits

Design allows development team members to describe the behavior of an application before they begin development. This is highly valuable for several reasons (among others):

- Defining behavior with an overview of the implementation to be produced
- Having a clear understanding of each aspect of the implementation
- Presenting various aspects of the application to all project stakeholders
  - Obtaining feedback on the design to ensure that the features meet the stakeholders' expectations
- Facilitating the transfer of application specifications to each new development team member

These are the benefits of designing a project. Note that these are primarily group benefits. However, design also allows the approach to a project to be completely different. It raises the right questions before even starting the project, which can save a significant amount of time and energy in the long run.

By designing an application, you will become a much better developer.

# Methods

## Features conception

### Pseudo Code

## UML (Unified Modeling Language)

## Merise (Méthode d'Étude et de Réalisation Informatique pour les Systèmes d'Entreprise)

## Summary

Commit message:

docs: add methods and feature design section

3-conception/01-get-started/en/article.md, after:

# Table Of Contents

- [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Benefits](#benefits)
- [Methods](#methods)
  - [Feature Design](#feature-design)
    - [Pseudo Code](#pseudo-code)
  - [UML (Unified Modeling Language)](#uml-unified-modeling-language)
  - [Merise (Méthode d'Étude et de Réalisation Informatique pour les Systèmes d'Entreprise)](#merise-méthode-détude-et-de-réalisation-informatique-pour-les-systèmes-dentreprise)
  - [Summary](#summary)

# Introduction

Application design is a broad subject that encompasses various aspects and stages that occur before the functional implementation of the project. Design comes in various forms, spanning multiple realizations that highlight different aspects of a project.

Throughout your application, keep in mind that **the design of a project is not set in stone and is subject to evolution** for various reasons. Perhaps a feature no longer aligns with the client's needs, or you may not have anticipated certain technical constraints. Don't be discouraged if you realize that your design requires some adjustments; this is perfectly normal.

Pro Tips: If you need to make changes due to a technical constraint encountered during the project implementation stage, try, if possible (unless you're working on a tightly scheduled corporate project, for example), to revisit the part of your design that needs adjustments rather than postponing it. It's more advantageous to pause your implementation to engage in reflective work to resolve the encountered issue, rather than having to rework your code and redesign it later.

I've personally experienced both approaches (retro-design and design), and it's much more rewarding to pause your coding session to adjust your design and then continue coding with the new design version. It's better than trying to develop your feature by trial and error and then redo your design while trying to match the behavior of your code.

Keep this in mind, even if it may seem abstract as a concept at the moment.

# Benefits

Design allows development team members to describe the behavior of an application before they begin development. This is highly valuable for several reasons (among others):

- Defining behavior with an overview of the implementation to be produced
- Having a clear understanding of each aspect of the implementation
- Presenting various aspects of the application to all project stakeholders
  - Obtaining feedback on the design to ensure that the features meet the stakeholders' expectations
- Facilitating the transfer of application specifications to each new development team member

These are the benefits of designing a project. Note that these are primarily group benefits. However, design also allows the approach to a project to be completely different. It raises the right questions before even starting the project, which can save a significant amount of time and energy in the long run.

By designing an application, you will become a much better developer.

# Methods

There are several ways to design an application or a feature, and you'll discover some of them in this section.

## Feature Design

There are various ways to design features, and one of them is the **flowchart** coupled with **pseudocode**. This design method is typically used for beginner developers. It helps instill algorithmic logic in developers and enables a clear breakdown of a feature.

Note that this method is not widely used on a large scale because it's relatively time-consuming and quite rudimentary. We include it here for the sake of completeness, although it's unlikely you'll be asked for this kind of design.

![Flowchart Example](./../assets/algo-demo.png)

This is what a flowchart looks like; it's merely a schematic representation of an algorithm.

In the example above, squares represent actions, circles have semantic value to denote the start and end of a flowchart, and triangles are used to represent conditions.

A color code has been added to separate actions. Typically, a flowchart is used to represent system actions. Here, green actions represent user actions, while red ones are system actions.

### Pseudo Code

## UML (Unified Modeling Language)

## Merise (Méthode d'Étude et de Réalisation Informatique pour les Systèmes d'Entreprise)

## Summary
